# SybilDAO
Zero Knowledge Protocol To Defend DeFi From Sybil Attacks

Verify your address at https://sybildao.com/#verify

A Sybil attack is when an attacker creates multiple fake identities, or wallet addresses, to manipulate a network or protocol. This can be done for a variety of reasons, such as to gain an unfair advantage, or to disrupt the normal functioning of a system. A Sybil attacker uses their fake identities to gain influence over the network which can have serious consequences such as unfair distribution of rewards.

- Sybil attacks are widespread in DeFi particularly for:
- Airdrops
- Bounty Campaigns
- Community competitions
- Whitelistings & Token Generation Events
- Voting systems

SybilDAO solves the problem of mass sybil attacks in DeFi in a streamlined way that is simple for blockchain developers to implement and has a great UX for end users.

From a end-user perspective they will go from the clients dApp/Platform via a link which opens in a new tab

This frontend web page uses a number of anti-fraud protections to prevent sybil attacks and bot authentications. These include the following:-

- IP Restrictions - 1 auth/day/IP
- VPN/ToR/Botnet blacklists
- Cloudflare DDoS protection
- Client side frontend checks
- Machine learning risk analysis
- Custom Captcha
- Transactional cost + gas fee

Once the captcha has been completed the frontend provides a one time authorization code to the clients web browser. This authorization code is part of a zero knowledge proof within our smart contract


The user can then sign a transaction which charges a small fee + transaction cost in the native currency for that chain. This will pass the authorization code (ZK–Proof) to the smart contract which registers the wallet address as a permanently verified address.

3rd party DeFi protocols can look up on-chain verified addresses from within their smart contract and get a true/false boolean response. Here is a simple smart contract interface to check if a wallet address has been verified.

```
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.17;
 
interface ISybil {
    function check(address) external view returns (bool);
}
 
contract SybilDeveloperExample {
    address constant sybil = 0x4B20993Bc481177ec7E8f571ceCaE8A9e22C02db;
 
    function test(address _address) external view returns (bool) {
        bool verified = ISybil(sybil).check(_address);
        return verified;
    }
}

```

Fees generated by the Sybil protocol are distributed to the SybilDAO token holders.

Whitelisted addresses are immutable and verifiable from any smart contract, these can be used across various DeFi partner promotions and campaigns.

SybilDAO adds value through exposure to our community. Once someone is verified they are part of the Sybil Network and can participate in any SybilDAO partner promotions without reverifying. There is potential for SybilDAO to build a large audience which will hold value in itself.

- Partners are provided promotional exposure via:-
- Partnership and promotion announcements on website
- Social media channels - Twitter & Discord primarily
- Video content on YouTube, TikTok & Instagram

SybilDAO can also offer pre-built promotional campaigns such as sybil attack resistant NFT drops where a partner just needs to provide an image for the NFT. 

By partnering with SybilDAO, DeFi teams get a win/win situation where we can grow our communities together through a valuable service that protects against bot networks.
